No other night
No other place
You get thrown into this place they call the real world. Hey, where are we living now the unreal world?
And what is this real world really like? Here's what I've learned so far after completing a comprehensive study
In the unreal world lame excuses can get you in only so much trouble
Sorry, I don't have my homework. My dog ate it your dog, huh?
Just make sure you get it here tomorrow
Well in the real world lame excuses can get you in real trouble
Um, I'm sorry. I don't have the quarterly report my dog ate it your dog, huh?
You're fired
On the other hand rewards in the unreal world tend to be more well intangible
Very nice work
Here you are three gold stars and a smiley face thanks
But in the real world the rewards are something you can bank on
Very nice work
Here you are your year-end bonus. Thanks get thrown into the real world
I want to be real ready. That's why I'm checking it out now. I've just signed up to be an intern
You know working for someone who works for a living. I like to think of it as a real-world field trip
unreal world
Eat my dust this internship could be a great way to get a head start on a career
What were your top three choices number one when surfing instructor good hours that gets you outdoors
Plus is a guaranteed babe magnet noble motives. What's next radio DJ?
Really? Sure. Why not? Hey everybody? It's two hips and the Wildman only on WB am BAM the future of rock and roll
Sounds cool. What's your third choice comic book artist very cool
Hey, isn't comic book artist the one you want the most? Yeah, that's why I put it number three
I never get my first choice. What about you?
I think I covered all my bases the morning dispatch the evening standard or the weekly register
Why intern for a local newspaper when you're already editor of the school newspaper?
Expansion Sam. I think news is the field. I really want to be in
Mom I've been going to stand since I was five years old and he always gives me the same haircut
Well stands a great barber, but he still gives me a lollipop
Father never complains
Hi, Samuel. Hi, Mrs. Darling mom. What's going on Ferguson wants a new barber not a barber mom a
Stylist, okay Ferguson. Who did you have in mind? Well, actually I was thinking of Pierre Lapeep
Pierre Lapeep a haircut there must cost $50
Actually 75, but it's worth every penny
$75 Stan can give you ten haircuts for that a word to the wise mom you get what you pay for well
Then you can pay for it, but I'll give you 750 for a haircut. That's it. Oh mom
Just think someday Ferguson will be interning for someone too
Someone will teach him to fine-tune his craft become master of his trade. All he has to do is find a professional dweeb
I'm not his way over. We decided to go pick up our intern assignments together. I
Have a feeling mine's gonna have something to do with the news
Hi, Sam. Hey, Clarissa. Let's go. I can't wait to find out what kind of intern I'm about to be no need
I have our assignments right here
How'd you get these? Hi sweet talk them out of Mrs. Waldo in the front office you dog
Dear mrs. Darling in connection with blah blah blah blah blah
Excellent, I got my first choice. This is so cool
I'm interning at the daily dispatch in the sports division with the senior sports columnist a guy named Arnie Anders
Arnie Anders Sam that's my dad
This is great
Well great so big work Clarissa
My dad well he's a lot like my dad
Don't worry Sam. This will be cool. I mean
He's not my dad, and I want to spend time getting to know him so I can just concentrate on doing my job
Yeah, so what's your internship?
Dear mr. Anders blah blah blah blah blah. Skip the plot parts
Excellent first choice better
They couldn't get a comic book artist
But they got a draftsman, I guess that's okay. What kind of draftsman?
Hey, Sam
Guess what the West Side Chamber of Commerce just called and it looks like you're my intern
This is amazing
Yeah, it's really amazing. This will be great. All right. Well, I'm gonna get my studio ready for my first apprentice
Sam
I'm going to take you on an awesome trip through the world of architecture
Gee, thanks
You're interning for my dad. You're interning for my dad
It'll be great
Will it be great?
Yeah, sure
Ferguson, what have you got in your hair? Oh, it's moisturizing elixir from the Yaha Joby plan of Southern Nepal. Oh
Yeah, it smells like compost. Where'd you get this stuff? I got it from Pierre Lapeeps
I went there for my free consultation free
Absolutely. Well, I had to pay for the condition. How much at ten bucks
But Pierre says that if I deep condition now my follicles will be at optimum hair cutting diameter in three days
Uh-huh. I see and just how are you gonna pay for the haircut details mom details
Ferguson if you're brainwashing yourself, you might want to set it on light load
Funny sis, and we can't all have lustrous Auburn tresses. Can we guess not but then again
I don't have to worry about premature male pattern baldness caused by over conditioning. She's got a quiet Ferguson
Uh, I think I'm gonna go rinse this stuff off now
Oh, so Clarissa, are you ready for your internship? I think so
But actually I'm more worried about dad getting ready. Your father why?
Well, I'm more worried about him getting too ready
Have you seen my slide rule I mean not the one I'm holding obviously
But the other one that looks like this one except it's got the red markings in the back
Never mind. This is the one
Thank you
I think I see what you mean. Just a little over organized. Are you worried about Sam a little
I'll try to talk to him. Thanks mom. Well, I hope Sam has fun
As for me, I'm totally psyched about getting into a real newspaper
I mean the school paper is great, but it still feels like practice
Who will the real thing feel like I would give anything to be a real reporter
You hard made the governor. That's right. The governor of this state tell him scoop darlings on the line
He'll take the call. All right
Yeah, hold
I'll put down a finnigan. She never gets to story not before the deadline. You're on it's impossible
I tell you not even for scoop quiet boys quiet governor windthorpe
Scoop darling ace reporter here and pu. Do you smell that? No. Well, it's the stench of scandal governor
Tell him scoop look tomorrow. We're printing the story that tells the story the whole story
And there's nothing you or your goons could do to stop it now
Geez
But before it's all over there is one more thing you can do pardon melvin schultz
He's innocent and you know it if not for yourself for zelda
Don't you want people to hear your side of the story governor?
Keep talking governor
Well looks like I got my story boys the governor just confessed to bribery tax evasion and 19 ticket violations
Pay up
This internship could be cool
Tomorrow i'm gonna do a killer job and you can bet on it
I thought I would show up at the dispatch early start my internship
But it turns out arnie spends his work days at home. I just hope he remembers I start today
Anybody home arnie certainly doesn't look like anybody's here
No cleaning lady. That's for sure
Yuck
I don't think I want to know what that is. I know nothing
This is some internship
I didn't mean to barge in but claireza
hi
Ah, welcome to the newspaper business
Wait a minute wait a minute
Got a flash. Don't uh move
You've got to write down the ideas when you get them. Otherwise you'll never get them down at all
Do you want me to write that down for you? No
Uh
Don't write my ideas. Just keep track of your own
Well, don't you think a reporter's notebook would come in handy?
I always lose those things napkins somehow. I seem to hold on to
egg roll
breakfast of champions
real brain food chrissa
Want some no thanks
Do you mind if I ask you something not at all a good reporter should ask away
Um, well, what were you doing sleeping behind the door?
If I teach you nothing else in this internship, I will teach you to sleep standing up
Best skill any journalist can have
And anybody who tells you different is a hack
No kidding
Actually, I am kidding
Whoa
It's the alarm clock. I usually wake myself, but a good newsman never takes chances
Well, don't you want to turn the alarm off?
Yes, right good
You're my intern help me find it
Okay
We've got some work to do great
saying listen, uh
You may be way ahead of me on this, but I've got this idea. Have you ever thought of using your computer?
That crazy contraption the newspaper gave to me
Makes me nervous just to look at it, but don't you think it could help you get
you know
organized
Getting organized
Great idea chrissa that can be your job
I want you to take all the stuff that I do
And organize it. I've got it
organize this mess
Something tells me I may have bitten off more than I can chew
No, no, no, no more chrissa more sneak after this
This summer wherever you find crush you'll find sylvester and tweedy
Just collect crush proofs of purchase from specially marked 12 packs and two liter bottles
And you can get free sylvester and tweedy merchandise
Like tattoos t-shirts and watches
Doesn't feel like a soft drink
So load up a irresistible fruit flavored crush today and
Puffer and fuck a pass catch the crush
Play catch the crush and you can win a trip to hollywood courtesy of crush continental airlines and guest borders hotels
They're coming
new super game boy from nintendo
Play your game boy games on tv in living color
Combinating youtube's control and change all 350 game boy games like new donkey kong
No super game boy for snes. It's a whole new way to play
Nickelodeon knows that taking care of the earth is a big job
But you can help just by turning off the water
You'd be amazed how much water is wasted every time you turn it on because while you're
And
The water keeps so when you're not using the water just turn it off
And save an important part of the earth from going down the drain
From all ways that you can help the earth keep watching the first kid's network
Nickelodeon
You're watching
And now back to Clarissa explains it all
Okay, remember the real world. Well, it's pretty unreal. How have things been going so far?
Let's turn to a fast breaking intern update
After arnie decided he was too disorganized for us to start getting organized
He initiated me into the world of sports
Intern hour one. We watched a brazilian soccer playoff game. I took notes
Yes
But arnie's the one who really got a kick out of it
Intern hour two arnie teaches me why it's important for a journalist to know a foreign language
Rugaipan moushulo main subgum town
Darn
Did you want some duck sauce
I guess it's hard to write on an empty stomach
And finally intern hour three arnie had me watch highlights of the 86 world series the mets versus the red sox
What's his call? What's his call? You bum? You bum?
God, I love baseball
You should have seen him cry when the mets won again
Meanwhile, I've been filing everything from ncaa basketball stats to olympic ping pong regulations
I'm gonna get arnie organized or else
I just hope my dad hasn't been too hard on sam
Good sam good. Okay now
Take the t square
Firmly, but lightly in your left hand
Now trace along the edge with an authoritative yet loving stroke
It's thrilling, isn't it? I guess so
What well you went too far see you went over the line
Oh, sorry, mr. Darling. Uh, sorry sam. It's all right. It's your first day. You're bound to make mistakes
Hey, how's it going? Great great. You guys almost done. Yep all done
Sam one second
Remember putting our tools away is half the job
Oh, right mr. Darling. I forgot now everything here has been marked for its specific container
Let's see exacto 9th a7 goes in the a7 receptacle
like so
It's always good to have your things organized. Sure is mr. Darling. Now. What are you doing out of your box?
Dad
What would you say about an advance in my allowance pergason?
I am not giving you 75 dollars for some fancy haircut. I only need five more dollars
I cashed in the war bond that aunt doryne gave me for my 10th birthday
Oh, all right, but I still say that there's nothing wrong with staying on the barber
Yeah, thanks
Well, everyone take one long last look at the old me because when I return for mr. Pierre's I will be
the new me
That's a lot to ask from a haircut
Well, sam was a good first day. I'll see you tomorrow at 3 p.m
Sharp sharp
That's my dad. He's nothing if he's not
Punctual
Yeah, so
How to go with my dad good fine
Really good
Fine
What about you?
Great. I learned a whole bunch of stuff from your dad
I mean, I never realized that refilling the lead in a mechanical pencil was such an exact science
Yeah, I should have warned you my dad can be a real stickler for details. Hey, but in a good way
Yeah, in a good way
Well, um, I better get home and reheat the chow mein
Yeah, arnie really enjoys his chinese food. Yeah. See you tomorrow. See you
Oh, well, I've signed up. I'm in the intern business and I'm sticking with it
What's the worst that can happen?
I can handle sam's dad
Sam can handle my dad and sam and I are just gonna have to handle each other with kid gloves till this whole thing is over
Clarissa
Ready to get cracking
Great, but um, do you ever work at the dispatch? You know, I wouldn't mind going down there
I know, but I've got this hang up. I can't seem to write in a place where I'm supposed to be writing
Oh
I get it setting your own environment can be very important for a journalist
Now sam tells me you're a good editor
Here's your chance
This is next week's column. I need you to cut it in half with this
Be ruthless
But this column's about boxing. I don't know anything about boxing
Here's everything you need to know about the sweet science
Give it a shot. We'll compare notes, huh? But hey, why don't you go home and work on that home?
Oh, don't you ever go to the newsroom? Hey, no way
Why do you think I chose sports? See you tomorrow Clarissa. Ciao
Okay, ciao
Well, this isn't exactly how I pictured the real world of journalism
But at least I've got a real assignment. Hi sam
Hey Clarissa
I just came by to set up a time at your dad for tomorrow's interning session
Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself? Not even close. Mr. Darling. I mean your dad
Well, he likes things just a certain way way in advance
Yeah, some people have really weird working habits. What does that mean?
Oh nothing
I just think it's strange that your daddy's chinese take out every single day of his life and writes all his notes on the napkins
What's so weird about that? It's his personal style
Well, hasn't he ever heard that too much msg can make you crazy?
Well, there's crazy and then there's crazy
What does that mean? Oh nothing just that I call having a proper name for every single one of your pencils a little on the weird side
Are you talking about my dad? Oh, does your dad do that?
Well, at least he sleeps in a bed. Does your dad sleep? I was beginning to think he stayed up all night rearranging his paper clips
I was afraid this was gonna happen
It's okay when your own dad drives you crazy, but it's worse when he drives your friends crazy
Yeah, actually it's kind of embarrassing
I've given up cleaning up after him
You know what the worst thing is what on top of everything else. I feel like i'm not a good intern
I feel like your dad thinks i'm a dweeb. No, he thinks you're great
He told me last night if anyone's a dweeb. It's me. I can't even stack the erasers, right?
Sam my dad loves you. He just gets carried away. Yeah, stuff is really cool
I guess details are pretty essential for an architect and your dad's article is great
He does have some pretty unusual working habits, but I guess they work for him
Maybe we should just go with the flow
Yeah, let's stop asking what our internships can do for us and start asking what we can do for our internships
Good
Very nice cut very nice
Rissa. Yeah
Don't read over my shoulder makes me nervous. Oh, sorry. Sorry
Uh-huh
Uh-huh. Well, it's time then
Time for what?
Remember that game I made you watch the other day the brazilian soccer match the dispatch needs a two paragraph blurb on it by tomorrow
Go write it down
Me by myself really?
Here's a napkin
And a pen
Go to it
Just start writing sure
Arnie, you know how you always say a writer's environment is important, right? You bet
Well, my ideal journalistic environment would be a little bit more
Well, computerized
Do you mind if I use that?
Okay ready to go
See this way instead of using napkins you can just open a file for each different thought
What you're saying is I can use my computer for something besides a coaster
Only if it works for you
Hey, arnie. Would you mind not looking over my shoulder? It tends to make a writer nervous
Well, where'd you learn that? Oh just something I picked up around the newsroom
Chicken chow mein egg rolls leechi nuts
I think I've got an acceptable number of food groups represented
Your chinese takeout consumption has gone a little out of control since you finished your internship clarson
After school snack of champions brain food
Sam that sounds so familiar
Butchery. Yeah, butchery. That's what I'd call it using any other word would be candy coating the situation
Fargasson, it's not really that bad. Well, not for a Parisian lap dog
Well, I'm sure mr. Lestan can fix it
Okay, but no lollipops
Is that today's paper? Sure is
It's in here. It's in here. What is my article on brazilian soccer. See
Where's your name?
I don't get a byline
But arnie said the editor liked my writing so much I might get to be a stringer chlorissa. That's wonderful
So how did you like your internship samuel? Well, I had a blast working on the design for a comic book store
Just think 20 30 years from now. We'll have interns of our own
I just wonder what we'll be teaching them to do. Well, maybe we should teach them that the real world can be really
Real chlorissa explains it all was taped in nicolodian studios at universal studios florida get with the programs
And stay with the programs keep snicking
Nicolodians planning to make a new show, but we won't be able to without you
Because you are gonna write it. You are gonna draw it. You are gonna make you to you
So get this address you to you care of nicolodian studios p.o. Box six nine two two nine
Orlando, florida three two eight six nine
Include your name age address and phone number write your own stories and send them to you to you
And we'll turn them into cartoons
Draw your own pictures or new characters and we'll put them into comic strips
Write your own songs and we'll make them into music videos
Send us your jokes drawings poems questions for your favorite celebrities
Blueprints for a new rocket ship ideas for new video games offers
If you think we can use it send it and don't be surprised if what you see is what you sent
Of course, we can't use everything and we're sorry. We can't return anything
You send us ask your parents permission first then send your stuff to ugu the only show connecting you to every you out there
On the only network for you nicolodian
Everybody knows why kids drink milk. We like the taste. It's fun
But secretly kids are drinking milk because it helps us grow bigger imagine us on a big cool body
Doing big cool things. We're in big cool clothes. Imagine us standing up late. Imagine us driving cars
Everybody knows why kids drink milk. We like the taste, right? Sure we do
But milk does help us get bigger imagine us in charge
Hey there two pegs wake up, you know that 49 95 check the granny sunshine
You know that'll get you your very own nintendo entertainment system get one and you can play the new mega man six and
Battle evil robots stop watching those wig commercials. I can even shower with it
And they're sort of preventing star tropics too when you battle soda the man with no face
No more mommy soaps for you as two bombs fall
So thank gritty cash the check and get the nes you have watched too much tv already
Snick it was uh thomas alva edison who said the genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration
You think he would have invented roll on deodorant. Just something to think about while you snick
Calling collect you've got options. You can dial zero like this guy. Hi mommy. I wrote on the plane all by myself
Did I mention you'll be charged as much as you possibly can for this call or you can dial 1 800 collect
Here's how it works dial 1 800 collect. Yeah, I just saved you some cash. You're welcome. Love you
Called mom collect, huh? You know, you could have saved up to 44 by dialing 1 800
Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?
You're at your mother's cousin and feeling twice removed
Since twix gives you chewy caramel twice milk chocolate twice and that could be crunchy twice you get one great snack
After another
Tonight nick snicks with your host ferguson darling
What could be better than a whole snick hosted by me ferguson w darling
How about a whole snick hosted by me ferguson w darling that features a special clearest episode
Where I ferguson w darling get to do the explaining for once and here it is
I think it was tennessee williams who spoke of the sweet bird of youth
Or was it the urkel kid nonetheless? I'm sure they both know how hard it is to be the youngest in the family
I mean no matter how hard I try no matter how smart or attractive I may be
And no matter how truly superior I am in each and every single way
I'm always the victim just because I'm the youngest. I mean take my name for instance
Do you think I like the name ferguson not to mention all the derivatives for wad for breath for grains for glyphs
Why couldn't I have a name like?
Hugh
Ian
Nigel
Mackenzie something with the ring of an rf fighter pilot something distinguished something english instead of the endlessly ridiculable ferguson
Oh the burdens I bear
Take my sister chlorissa for instance the girl is an absolute nightmare
I mean take the disgusting despicable disheveled the way she dresses. I mean leggings. What exactly are leggings?
So they actually serve a function. What's the difference between leggings and long underwear?
Why couldn't I have a sister that wears culottes or a jumper like mature young women her age?
Besides people underestimate younger brothers throughout history. We've been overlooked and ignored
History books are filled with tales of a till of the hunt ravager of the european civilization
But what about a till of the huns younger brother bruce?
Okay, he didn't ravage a continent, but you should have seen what he did to his tent
Sure, abraham was a rail splitter, but nobody was better than bob lincoln at splitting hairs
Well, this younger brother is had it living in the shadows
I'm not gonna take it anymore and to tell you the truth. I don't have to not now not tomorrow not ever
Because starting today ferguson will be doing the explaining and things will never be the same
Ferguson darling here
I'm adjusting my new pair of huff and vision glasses
In just the other day, I was reading through the latest issue of dr. Doom's day
When I came across an advertisement I'd never seen before
Arnold huff and flingers practical guide to total mind control with this book
I can control what people think of me with a single glance. I can change first impressions
It also came with these great glasses
They're an exact replica of arnold huff and flingers mind control glasses the ones he wears himself
Guaranteed to amplify my brainwaves a hundred fold
You may not realize it
But just by thinking I can make the so pristine scali leave his doghouse walk down the sidewalk
Through our front gate and to the front door
You don't believe me the dog sarge good dog
Okay, you can go home now
What's wrong with you go leave go bye
Okay, I'm closing the door
It works too good
I'll have to be careful who I use it on they'll be in my power forever isn't power a terrible responsibility
Now I need a human subject. Oh Clarissa
I wonder where she is
I think I'll do something. I always wanted to
Where'd that ladder come from?
Ferguson I was coming around the back of the house with the groceries went out of nowhere
I got hit by a falling ladder. That's terrible
Oh
Ferguson
What is sarge doing here? Didn't I tell you to get lost?
Mom let me help you
You know, I've always felt that letting Clarissa's friends use the ladder to get into our room is a little dangerous
But that was what was so strange about the whole thing. There was no one anywhere in sight
It was as if somebody just pushed the ladder and then ran away
No way
That's a pull
I think
I think I'll relax and have a cup of herbal tea in the kitchen. Good idea mom
That was close
Oh, no, where was I?
Ah, yes
My plan to dominate the darling family starting with one big irritating obstacle
Clarissa
Dad have you seen Clarissa?
Ferguson can't you see that I'm busy? Sorry you seem a little on edge. No, no, no, it's okay son. It's okay. Uh
I'm just having a little trouble keeping the time space continuum coil in place time space continuum coil
Sometimes it activates, you know without any warning sounds bad. Oh it is
I
Ferguson I'm on the verge of incredible discovery. This is my very first prototype all-purpose making yourself build it at home
Time machine
Um, yeah, sure dad. I think I hear mom calling me. No wait
See you're just in time for its maiden voyage. Hey
Oh, I hope the coils hold
Thanks, dad, but you know it seems
Untested but Ferguson we can go back
Back to the 1800s to Gettysburg the greatest battle of the civil war. Come on pop it
I don't know
Oh, I know we'll go back to prehistoric time and see the original Jurassic pop dad. I don't even like dinosaurs
Yes, well, it's too late now to back out
The core of the box dad. I've got to go
Ferguson, how did you make that Tyrannosaurus Rex sit and roll over? Oh, it was nothing dad
I know but you made the weirdest face. Oh, it's just a few mental skills. I've been practicing
By the way, dad, I'd recalibrate the spacetime continuum coils on a 12 to 16 ratio
That's why the machine was so erratic. I gotta go
Ferguson wait
Coils, well, you can't say I didn't warn him about those coils
Clarissa, oh sis
Where's that girl?
Wait until then when you actually want to find your older sister. She'd know where to be found
I'll get it hold on
Could it be that she's outside without her keys unsuspecting of the terrible fate about to befall her
Oh, it's you
Ferguson what's with sarge?
Amp's right go home. He's looking at you kind of funny. The dog is not well. Oh, well
Have you seen Clarissa? I'd try her room, but the ladder's broken. Do I look like an information booth?
Hey, where'd you get the dorky glasses, Ferguson? Just what do you think you're doing?
What's this? Arnold's huffing flingers practical guide to total mind control
You gotta be kidding. In fact, I'm not kidding at all. Oh, I bet I could control your mind
Yeah, mm-hmm. Get off it, Ferg. You can't make a monkey out of me
Oh really?
Well, just watch
Ferguson, what's wrong with you?
Ferguson if you keep looking like that your face will freeze up
Ferguson stop, I
I
Worked but it was more difficult than I thought. I'm exhausted
Ferguson, have you seen Maya? Oh
Ferguson, where did you get those goofy glasses? Oh these mom. They're nothing me just some silly glasses
I found in the back of a comic book
Ferguson what what's with Samuel? Oh, you know, we were just um
Oh
Monkeying around
Funny, Ferguson. You guys are such a kick
Oh Ferguson do me a favor tell your sister that I was looking for
I I forgot some things at the store
Bye, Samuel
So are you still doing here? Oh nothing mom. Well, could you take Sarge home? Sure mom just good as done
Bye mom so long. Bye. Bye
Bye
Now to begin my master plan to take over this family
What are you still doing here?
What are you doing? I mean come on. You're making me look bad. Get lost. Hey Fergbo. It's Sarge doing here. Where'd you come from?
I'm asking about this dog
Good boy Sarge. Oh, don't listen old Ferg lips. Why don't you relax and go home?
Had you do that
A little kindness Ferguson goes a long way. So have you seen Sam around? Sure. He's uh over there by the stairs
Hey, Sam, I thought you were gonna meet me
Sam, what are you doing?
Ferguson what's going on? I don't know sis. I mean, I was just over here minding my own business when Sam comes over and
He's jumping up and down like a monkey
Sam
Snap out of it
Ferguson, I don't know what you've done
But you better bring Sam back now or you're in big trouble. You won't get away with this
Unfortunately for you dear sis. I already have and this time there's nothing that you can do about it
And why is that because I've Ferguson W. Drawling have mastered the mind control techniques of arnold hoffenflinger
And therefore i'm about to turn you into
A cow in your dreams dog boy. Just forget it
Ferguson come on cut it out
Ferguson if you don't watch out your face is gonna freeze in that position
See she's already beginning to come under my power. What's the big idea? Who do you think you're talking to? That's my
Happening to me
Ferguson
You better stop before something
Body gets hurt
Okay, Ferguson. I didn't want to do this
But I too have studied the techniques of arnold hoffenflinger prepare to be undone
Can't believe it. You've stolen my
I've got to concentrate harder
Forget it. Ferguson. We can't stop my
His mind is stronger than I thought I must put a stop to this
Where'd he go? What happened? Oh, no
I've finally done it. I knew someone would get hurt. I finally destroyed fergusson
What will mom and dad say?
more Clarissa
more snick after this
The clues is nick's hottest live event with lots of stars bands and orange blips and me and kandace Cameron hosting
You guys give up never give up. Just stay tuned and nick for more details
We're a part of the future
We're the ha if kids like me were running the world
I'd be able to jam and my big brother will want me on his team. I'll give you my skateboard. I'll give you my lawn my stereo
My bike
But I'd be in the nba. I have my own agent a million triophilion dog
Everyone will want my autograph and after games we go to mcdonald's
Well, I don't know whatever I want because I'd have a huge contract. Give me one of every five
I'd get the cool commercials all of the arches all premises had nothing but net
Hey, it could happen
You're watching nick and now back to Clarissa explains it all
Okay, it's been 24 hours and no sign of fergusson and there's no explanation for his mysterious disappearance
But then who can ever explain fergusson and what stranger is
Me you'd think after all this time I'd be happy living in a ferg-free universe, but life isn't that simple
Here's the update
When mom came home. She suddenly had this incredible urge to see fergusson
Okay, she's fergusson's mom too, but I've never seen the mother instinct so strong
She knows something's up, but she couldn't find ferghead anywhere
Meanwhile since dad's time machine exploded he suddenly becomes stuck on fergusson too
And even after fergusson strange vanishing act his evil deeds live on
Sam has been making a monkey himself hanging literally around my room
And me I still haven't told mom and dad what happened
I mean, I can't even believe it happened. I think this is one big bad dream sequence
Maybe if I close my eyes, I'll wake up. Why couldn't fergusson at least have turned sam into a monkey who knows sign language
Okay, sam. We've got to get you out of this. Otherwise you'll be making banana soup for arnie every night
Oh, you think the secret's in fergusson's stupid mind control book good thinking
Oh
I'm looking sam
Don't keep up sam. I'll look in the index
Here it is reverting subject to the original state of mind
Okay, I think I've got it. Huh not that one
Let's try this
Oh, no, I still a dog. No, I'm okay. I was just scratching my head
Sam you're back and you're not even now. I'll never eat another one again
Well, your brother sure is a pain. I'm glad he's finally gone
I'm not so sure sam. I have a weird feeling about all of this
I don't get it for years. You wanted him out of your hair and now he's finally gone and you're not sure
It's just that I feel things are kind of out of sync take my parents for instance. They're actually starting to miss him
That's a drag
I may not like him, but it seems fergusson is a necessary evil. There's got to be some way to bring fergusson back
Well, you were able to bring me back
You're right. I've got to give it a try
But I don't know how
Well, I'd like to stick around, but I think I've had enough excitement for one day
I'm sure I'll come up with a plan. Thanks sam
What am I gonna do this mind control stuff is driving me out of my mind
Can't seem to shake the feeling that as good as it seems not to have fergusson around
It isn't as good as it looks
Somewhere in this jungle of paranormal information. I've got to find a way to bring fergusson back
Then again, I could just forget the whole thing and see how civilization turns out without the little geek
I guess this is the age-old problem of older sisters and their younger brothers. It isn't pretty. Okay
On one hand asking fergusson how to spell something is easier than looking it up in the dictionary
And he's great on camping trips because he attracts the mosquitoes
On the other hand fergusson is always the first person to notice your zits and says so out loud
And then there's the heisenberg principles of sibling relations
See, you just don't know if fergusson wasn't the way he was
Would I be the way I am?
Whoa
The possibilities are too weird to contemplate
Just what I was looking for
Here in the journal of spontaneous combustion is an obscure article on the disappearance of an individual in a puppet smoke
And how to retrieve them
It says here I need to recreate the process of disappearance in an environment filled with artifacts and lingering vibrations of that person's life
Oh
Ick that means fergusson's bedroom. So quiet in here
It's so neat
Too neat really that's better
I've always wanted to do that
I might as well get this over with
Here goes come from you're back. Yes, it appears I am
But fergusson how could you be?
Can't be
What are you wearing?
There's no way well sis. Let me explain
Contrary to your opinion of me. There have always been others who have held me in much higher regard
Sure, I was a nuisance. Sure. I was a pest, but that's what younger brothers are for
Mosquitoes buzzing your ear and bite. It's in their nature, but is that morally bad?
Okay fergusson, but really you an angel
I don't know well sis. I was pretty surprised too, but it seems the big guy up there is a special place in this heart for us
The little guys especially the youngest of course. I don't know how kindly he'll look on someone who makes her a little brother spontaneously combust
But fergusson I brought you back that's got to count for something right and you started it by turning salmon to a monkey
But I have to say I am shocked, you know seeing you now what with wings and white
I'll get used to it sis, but what's done is done and I'm willing to forgive
Why does this feel really creepy?
fergusson
Just a little angel joke
I guess you're finally realizing how important I've been to this family
The thought did cross my mind fergusson, but don't get carried away. Oh really?
Don't you realize what my disappearance will do to mom and dad?
Mom and dad are fine
Okay, maybe they're a little wacky, but they've always been wacky
I mean mom with all her weird health food recipes and dad with his architectural designs beehives pickles
I mean really okay already stop
I'm just saying we should take a look at what's gonna happen to them
God stares
Well, let's go
I'll meet you there. Oh great
My brother the guardian angel
What's happening?
Do you dig those crazy sounds?
Hey
Would you like some strawberry incense?
Uh, thanks dad, but
What's happened to you and I don't know man really I just started slipping, you know
Falling back on my old ways since
He disappeared you mean fergusson. Yeah
That's him, you know
I guess I started just to look around and realize a man mean. Hey, why even try, you know, what's the difference?
But I'm okay, but dad she says what did I tell you?
Without my influence dad has reverted to his natural hippie state. You don't know that
Hey sport, uh, is there someone there with you? Yeah, dad. It's fergusson
Fergusson
He's here
Where well can you see him? He's right next to me
Oh
Wow
Far out. I dig what you mean. Yeah. I mean
He's
With me too forget it sis only you can see me now. Hey sport. I want to show you something
Uh
Sport do you want to join me? Uh
No, thanks dad
Come on claire sir. We better find mom
I miss you man
I miss you
In here dear
What are you doing?
What do you mean? What am I doing? I'm not doing anything. You're smoking. Well, what am I supposed to do?
Everything's going to pot around here
Your father's playing that crazy music fergusson is gone
And I don't know what to do, but mom you can't let that make you lose hope
My hopes are gone and I had so many hopes for fergusson. He used to hate it when I smoked
He was appalled disgusted
Sure, it was on the little line, but who cares if I smoke now mom. I care
Mom I care come on sis. We better go mom
I can't believe it
See I did matter
Without my forward-looking capitalist bent dad regresses to hippie dumb and without my incredible world to neatness mom starts smoking again
They seem lost without you
It's a stretch fergusson, but you've made your point. Thank you
So you're the one with the wings. You've got to help me get mom and dad back to the normal selves
They're your parents too
No first you have to admit I was important
You're important everyone's important
Hey, just because I gave you a hard time. I mean you gave me a hard time too. Hey, we're brother and sister
Okay, I admit it. Aha you need me confess that I fergusson w darling
I'm absolutely crucial to this family say I am important. Okay. Okay fergusson you are
Hey, wait a second. You said em if you'd gone to the great beyond you would have said was
Did I say em?
You're twisting my words was I definitely said was
Maybe you're not an angel after all maybe and what are you looking at me like that for
Fergusson, I don't think you're an angel. Let me see those wings. Don't come any closer
You're right. I'm not an angel. In fact
I'm really a devil
I knew it. I'd have also got my good side and I can really be an angel
But when I'm bad, I'm really bad and I'm really a devil
But I can also be an angel
or a devil
or an angel
devil or a devil angel
devil
an angel
What was that?
Could it be?
Fergusson?
Fergusson!
That was close.
Let me just check.
No horns.
No wings either.
Thank goodness it was just a dream.
Hey, just look at him.
He looks like a little angel when he's asleep.
It's hard to believe he's such a devil when he's awake.
But I guess that's what younger brothers are.
A little bit of both.
An angel.
And a little bit of the devil too.
Night night Fergusson.
Floris explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon studios at Universal Studios Florida.
Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Stay tuned.
Porky Pig is my personal favorite lorenton.
So view of the paster.
Check this out.
Porky Pig is on Nickelodeon more than any other network.
Hamour Porky.
Oh well, the unfortunate is the unfortunate me.
So you love Looney Tunes.
Nickelodeon is the only network for you.
I believe, believe, believe.
That's all, huh?
Nickelodeon knows that taking care of the earth is a big job.
But you can help as a paper saver.
Wasting paper wastes trees and not waste the earth.
So at school, try using both sides of your notebook paper
and save partially used paper for scrap.
At home, use a cup that can be washed
rather than a paper cup you throw away.
Because wides are out of part of the earth when you really don't have to.
For more ways that you can help the earth,
keep watching the First Kids Network Nickelodeon.
Gentlemen, the toughest thing a manager has to do is trade a player.
He's got a way past performance against future potential.
And always think of the good of the team.
Kirby, you're an incredible player.
But one of you has to go.
Aw, skip.
Skip.
Official Major League Baseball cards from Don Russ,
Fleer, Score, and Upper Deck make all your favorite players come alive.
There you went, Phil.
Hey, Kirby, didn't I pass you on the way in?
Snick.
Did you know that the word snick actually derives from the Latin verb snickare,
which means to enjoy four great TV shows on a Saturday night?
Snick.
Maybe it's not true.
But it wouldn't make sense.
Snick.
So there he was with Bunny, mixing up some quick.
Don't forget to clean the basement.
When magically, you were in the dungeon of the evil witch creep Pella,
who was stealing all the world's chocolate.
We have to stop her.
I'll distract her with some quick.
And I'll tie her up.
Chocolatey quick.
Looks like she's tongue tied, too.
Who are you talking to?
Um, nobody.
Nestly quick.
It's magic in the making.
Common courtesy.
It's coming back.
Take collect calls.
Instead of zero, now you can dial 1-800-CLECT.
Save the people you call it for 44%.
Question.
Who is the fossil that is still going to dial zero?
Hey, dude, I could have saved you some cash on this call,
but what do I care?
We're getting the band back together.
Hey, Slick, you could have spoken for a lot less
by dialing 1-800-CLECT.
Even to Seattle?
Thanks, phone dude.
Tonight, Nick Snicks with your host, Ferguson Darling.
We're back.
And we're really snicking now.
Snick.
Coming up, it's that lovable pair
that stole the hearts of an entire nation
and should probably be doing time in the big house.
It's Ren and Snippy right now.
Where to start?
Look, Ren.
One for me.
And here's one for you, too.
Wow.
Another one for me.
Another one for you.
Me, me, me.
One for you.
You, you.
Me, me, me.
You, you, you.
Me, me, you, you.
Last one's for...
I sure love reading fan mail, Ren.
Don't you?
Oh, yeah, it's great.
Great for you.
Yeah, sure.
Everybody loves you.
People always love the stupid one.
But nobody ever loves the jerk.
Everybody hates me.
Now, Ren, nobody hates you.
Oh, come on.
Let's face the truth.
You've been tearing me.
I know.
I know that.
It's you they love.
But I need love, too.
I just want every love.
And important like you.
Is that so wrong?
I know how you can be important, Ren.
Yeah, sure.
I know how you can be really important.
Really important?
You can be the president of my fan club.
The president?
Wow.
President.
What do you mean you don't agree with me?
Do you know who you're dealing with?
Oh, Mr. President, ready for your first day in office?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, then.
All you do is answer the fan mail in that pile.
And then you put it right in here.
Hey, you're talking to the president, man.
Yes, sir.
Carry on, then.
Stippy, my name is Sammy.
I am eight years old and in the third grade.
Oh, that's cute.
I like you on TV.
You're my favorite TV puppet.
I know all the words to your show.
I want to be just like you when I grow up from Sam.
Dear Sam, thank you for the letter.
I'm sure that if you watch my show enough,
you will turn out just like me.
Yeah, bring them.
Your pal, Stimpy.
Stimpy, you are the funniest in the whole...
You are nice to everybody.
Even that ugly thing who yells at you.
What is he, anyway?
A mosquito?
Wah!
Cindy.
Asking for it.
Dear Cindy, there's no such thing as me.
I'm just a cartoon you idiot.
I bet you even believe in the tooth beaver.
Love, Stimpy.
This job's easy.
Dear Stimpy, I have a secret.
I know I can tell you because you were nice
and would not tell anybody.
I'm afraid to tell my friends because they'll laugh.
I know you would never laugh at me.
So here's my secret.
Every night I wet the bed.
I can't help it.
Please tell me what to do.
You're friend Johnny.
Dear Johnny, you make me sick.
You probably wet the bed on purpose.
I have written letters to everybody at your school
warning them never to sleep over with you.
Your friend...
Ran!
Shame.
Quetting the bed is nothing to be ashamed of.
Lots of kids do it.
You and I still do it.
You're right, Stimpy.
Little Johnny needed help.
And I laughed at it.
I don't deserve to live here, pal.
Go ahead, cut me.
Come on, man.
Do us all a favor.
There'll be no letting of blood today.
I think you've learned your lesson.
You're right, Stimpy.
I promise.
To be more kind and compassionate in my duties as president.
Good for you, Ran.
Dear Stimpy, I have a boyfriend but he is always mean to me.
My only friends are you and my TV.
And I know you would never be mean to me.
You are the kindest, most lovingest guy in the whole world.
Why can't boys be more like you?
I love you, Deborah.
Dear Deborah, your problem is clear to me.
The reason your boyfriend is mean to you
is probably because you're too stupid.
But don't worry.
Maybe someday you'll be as stupid as I am.
And then everyone will love you as much as they do me.
Your stupid friend, Stimpy.
How's it going, Ran?
Buddy, you'd be proud of your president.
Dear Stimpy, you are the funniest.
Dear Stimpy, I love you.
I love you lovingest guy.
I'm just like, biggest, what is he?
Dear Stimpy, I'm mosquito.
Ran, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
When you get right down to it,
life is tough enough already without a bully named Hathead
writing the word mucus on your forehead.
My penmanship.
It was time for revenge.
Nickelodeon presents the adventures of Pete and Pete.
Dying Pete, Pete's brother Pete and me, Alan.
Today's adventure, revenge of the Pete.
Hathead had to be destroyed, that much we knew.
But how? And more importantly, who?
Oh, Marty, the strongest man in the world.
Suddenly, we had the answer.
Usmush Hathead, like a lime of bean.
So we set up the showdown for after school.
Gusty Lee, insect boy.
Where'd you care, Hathead, to dig up this loser?
There wasn't really any smudging as far as I could tell.
Physics makes me strong, Hathead.
Physics.
But I had a feeling Hathead would leave us alone for a while.
You any hat-shaped human?
I bet you ride a Schwinn.
Schwinn rider.
I'm getting out of here.
Come back, you eater of cheeses.
Tonight, the Roundhouse takes on technology,
electronic triple stupefying tag.
Well, well, well, all right.
He sees it fit up your nose and high-tech body mufflers
when Nick takes you to the Roundhouse on slick.
From Walt Disney Pictures, when these angels
get the dick, meet a real angel.
Oh, wow.
No one can see me but you.
Amazing things start to happen.
Unbelievable.
How do you do that?
I must have been those chilly dogs.
Sorry.
This summer, there's magic in the air.
Incredible.
And angels in the outfield.
He could have it.
Rated PG starts Wednesday, July 13th
at a theater near you.
This summer, wherever you find Crush,
you'll find Sylvester and Tweetie.
I collect 12, but he could.
Just collect Crush's proofs of purchase
with 12 packs of 2-liter bottles
and you can get free Sylvester and Tweetie merchandise.
Oh, pretty cat.
Like tattoos, t-shirts, and watches.
I don't feel like a fluff drink.
So load up on irresistible fruit-flavored Crush today
and puff for a fuck of ass.
Catch the Crush.
Nice and bad.
And you can win a trip to Hollywood,
courtesy of Crush, continental airlines, and guest quarters hotels.
Hey, hey.
What's it feel like to get hit
with $200,000 all at once?
What?
With Jersey Cash 5
from the New Jersey Lottery,
you can win $200,000.
That is one big hit.
One single pay-off.
And worth twice a week.
Play Jersey Cash 5 every
Tuesday and Friday for just a buck.
It'll hit you all at once.
Who puts more happy
in happy birthday?
Dairy Queen.
Dairy Queen cakes made with
chocolate and vanilla soft-serve.
Chocolate, crunch, and fudge
are custom-decorated.
We make happy birthdays
a piece of cake.
And try our great-tasting treats
like the Dilly Bar,
the Buster Bar,
the DQ Sandwich,
or the Fudge Nut Bar.
We treat you right,
Dairy Queen.
And now,
let's welcome
all of your TV stars.
Is your mother there?
No.
Good. Welcome to our secret headquarters.
Deep inside the lower intestine
of a sperm whale.
Oh, God!
God!
I can't stand it!
Make the pain stop!
Well, Stimpy, it's time to induct
another member into the fan club.
Does this subject qualify?
Well, here's her vital statistics.
Her name is Susan Fout.
She's 15, human,
from Pennsylvania, and...
Shut up, you fool!
Did she bring the money?
A cool million
in small change.
Ah, she qualifies.
And now, Susan Fout,
as proof of your loyalty,
kindly recite the oath of servitude.
I, Susan Fout,
promise to watch the Ren and Stimpy show
over and over again
until my eyeballs implode,
even if it goes into 10 years of rerun.
And?
I promise to memorize whole episodes
and recite the line
shamelessly in unwelcome situations.
And, and?
Oh, yeah.
I promise to wear
unwashed leaderhosen
every single day
of the rest of my life.
That's it!
You're in our secret club!
And step this way
to the honored seat for new club members.
Remember, reveal
what you've seen here,
and we'll tear your tonsils out!
Okay, kids,
it's back to our secret cartoon.
Sippin' little monkeys
answering this
stupid letters.
Ha!
Dirty.
President.
What a joke.
President of what?
His fan club.
How they love him.
Look at him.
Lying there
asleep.
The idol of
million.
Blind, silly little
foe.
How easily
I could end the farce.
With these hands
these dirty
hands
and with these
hands I hope
fate a million.
They think he's a god.
But he's as mortal
as we.
I know
as to one quick
twist.
And it's over.
Just why?
Stupid fan mail.
I'll pick some.
I'll take care of this little business.
Once and for all.
Got some mail here.
Ha! Hello, Mr. Cat.
You're looking healthy this morning.
Shut up!
I don't want
any more of your filthy letters.
Your services are not welcome here.
And tell
those pesky kids to stop writing me.
Steampson J.
Cat.
Whatever you say.
Actually I only have
one letter today.
And it's for Mr.
I guess I'll just throw this one out.
Give me that.
Let it for me.
Nothing for Simpy.
No, no, no.
Mr. Rannhawk.
Look what it says.
Good morning, Rann.
Yeah.
Fan mail.
Mr. Fan Club.
Everybody loves you, don't they?
Well,
guess what the mailman brought you today?
Nothing!
Me!
You, they have forgotten.
Now it's me they love.
It is I
that I most loved.
I who shall rule.
Oh yes.
This is the proof that you
are dear Rann.
It's me. It's me.
You are my favorite TV
star.
Nobody is as funny
or as smart as you.
See?
Are you kidding us?
You may learn something.
I wish
I could be just like you.
How about that?
A man with some ambition.
You
are my favorite person
in the whole wide world.
Love.
He says love.
Your pal.
Stimpy.
I'm so ashamed.
I meant every word.
There, there, Rann.
There, there.
Look at me.
Big me rat.
Crying like a baby.
Pathetic.
Oh, for sure.
No one will ever know.
You just cry
your tears.
your little eyes out.
The early warning signs
that are you afraid of the dark is next.
One, the wind is gusting up.
Two, it's Saturday night
on Nickelodeon.
And three, chihuahuas everywhere
are roughing.
Warning, are you afraid of the dark
is next on Snick.
Riding a horse could be great
but sitting on the big orange
couch is the only way to snick.
Easier on arena too.
Who's responsible for this?
Nick's going to tell
who makes Rann and Stimpy meet Bob.
I'm the creative director and Jim.
I'm the producer.
A producer is the guy that tells the
artist what to do and then
when the cartoon is done,
it takes all the credit.
When I was a kid, I was really silly.
Bob is about 80% Stimpy
and about 20% Rann.
That's a big secret.
Now he knows responsible for Rann and Stimpy.
Don't tell anybody, okay?
I'm the only network for you.
How do they cram all that gram
into golden grams?
Maybe they take this big gram cracker.
How do they get all that
crunchy gram cracker taste
into every honey sweet square?
Or maybe they.
Part of this complete breakfast,
golden grams crammed with grams.
But how?
Okay, really, really good stuff.
The extra triclycerides.
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine
that speaks your language?
Now, from the only network for kids,
just get a grown-up to call
1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside
a gym teacher's brain.
Learn the most annoying car songs.
Search to the world's
messiest bedroom and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100
for six colorful
side-splitting issues of Nickelodeon magazine.
Each with a comic book inside.
It's 997
and only grown-up should call, so...
So write it down.
And tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, Dad.
So, who's turns it tonight?
Tucker. Where is your sweet little bro?
You mean he isn't here yet?
I knew that little puke was gonna be trouble.
Don't worry. He's here.
Am I missing something?
Tucker? Yeah.
We're all set. Go.
Yeah? Yeah.
Okay. I'm telling my story this way,
because if you think about it,
a telephone is probably the scariest thing in your house.
Say what?
You might feel safe with your doors and windows locked,
but all someone has to do is dial your number.
You answer the phone and bingo, they're inside.
But it's just their voice.
Yeah, but when you pick up that phone,
you made a connection.
And it might be to a place that you don't want to be connected to.
Do you have the pouch? We're all set.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story.
You go.
Where are you scared of?
Yeah. Uh, hello.
This is the Acme Appliance Company.
Is your refrigerator running?
Yeah.
And you better run after it before it gets away.
Lame. Very lame.
Listen and learn, my friend.
And hello, you man.
This is radio station KZIT.
And you have just been selected to be one of our lucky contestants.
Now, to qualify for an all-expense paid dream vacation,
all you have to do is answer one easy question.
Listen carefully.
In centimeters, exactly how wide is Antarctica?
You have 10 seconds.
Come on, Jake, it's not funny.
Hurry, ma'am.
Don't let this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity slip away.
You have four.
Three.
Two.
One and cut.
What are you doing?
No, what are you doing, making prank calls again?
No, I was trying to get Mom and Dad.
Look, pal, I'm in charge here while they're on vacation,
so stop acting like a little wart.
I can't believe you're letting him talk you into this stuff.
You're not going to tell Mom and Dad, are you?
Forget Mom and Dad.
You're going to get tagged by the phone police.
He is zero.
Phone police?
What are the phone police?
You're kidding, right?
You've never heard of the phone police?
No.
Well, the phone has certain rules of operation.
You don't leave it off the hook.
You don't let it ring too long.
And you don't make stupid calls like my blunt little brother.
She's making this up.
You think so, eh?
Well, keep messing with the phone
and you'll end up like the Baxter kid.
Who's the Baxter kid?
Billy Baxter.
Happened a long time ago.
He's making prank calls
and the phone police got him.
Oh, give me a break.
It's true.
They never saw him again.
How do you know all this?
Everybody knows about the Baxter kid,
except you, my vacant sibling.
You mess with the phone?
He answered the phone police.
Want to make a call?
I gotta go.
Good thing one of you guys has some brains.
Chris, you don't believe that stuff, do you?
It doesn't matter. It's no fun anyway.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Chris?
Phone police? Yeah, right.
Stupid.
I'm just a little B, Ben...
Billy Baxter?
It's only got six numbers.
This won't work.
Hello?
It must have been Andy pulling a chain.
It was unplugged, Chris. How could you make it ring?
I don't know. Maybe it was a dream.
It can't be.
So answer it.
No way, you answer it.
Hello? That guy last night.
Did he sound like this?
Help! You gotta get me out.
Help me out of here.
Lose this. We gotta do something.
Number one, don't worry.
You can make this.
Yes?
How can we find out where this number comes from?
There's only six numbers and we thought it was foreign or something.
It's not foreign. It's old and discontinued.
It can't be.
We just called it and got somebody.
You called this number and got an answer?
Well, sort of.
It was more like static, but someone was there.
Then they started calling you back.
The records department is in the basement.
They'll take care of it.
Thanks.
Number 12.
What can I do for you?
The lady upstairs said you could tell us who has this number.
Hmm. See.
We don't get very many of these nowadays.
Come on back.
Using the phone to tell a couple of jokes, eh?
What?
Just stand there young fella.
Take care of him.
I know because you're a real smart kid.
You got here quicker than anyone ever has.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Afraid of the dark? Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
Tonight, the roundhouse takes on technology.
Electronics will stupefy any tad.
Well, well, well.
All right.
He sees it fit up your nose and high-tech party mufflers
when Nick takes you to the roundhouse on slick.
I said clean up your room. This isn't a game.
Ha!
Done? The art's not done!
You think this is a game?
No way.
But this is Blockbuster Video Gives You More Action.
More challenges.
The newest and hottest video games you crave.
In my day, life was a challenge.
Not a team.
Well, now it's both at Blockbuster Video
where the challenge never ends.
One more drop.
Yes, this is it.
Whoa!
What's up, Uncle Toucan?
Eureka boys, I've just made berry-puffle fruit loops.
Wow! How radical.
Yes, let's see how berry goes with orange, lemon, lime, and cherry.
Cool, Uncle. Let's try them.
All right.
I think they taste delicious.
And they do.
Hello, it's Fruit Loops.
Now available with new berry-purple.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Yeah, they're very good.
And they're going to be very big news.
Now, the sneaking begins again.
With Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Somebody help!
I can hear you. I know. I've tried.
Who is this?
Have you forgotten already?
It's Billy Baxter.
Oh, man. What is this place?
Why am I here?
You never should have messed with the phone.
Now they've got you.
No, I'm going to call my parents.
But on that phone you won't.
It only takes incoming calls.
But you called me.
That's because you called me first.
Maybe you'll be lucky to stay on the phone.
Someone might hear you someday.
Wait! Don't hang up!
Yeah, yeah, hang up.
Hey, Annie. They got Jake. Just like you said.
It's the phone, please.
We went down to the phone company.
Who are you? And how do you know my name?
What? It's me.
Get out of here before I call the police.
Hey, it's me, Chris. Jake's friend.
They got him.
I don't know you, and I don't know any Jake.
Comacops.
Wait. Jake's your brother.
What is with you?
Look, I don't have any brother, okay?
Now get out of here.
You're not kidding, are you?
No, I'm not kidding. I'll be in you.
Hey!
I'll prove it to you.
This is Jake's bed.
Boom.
Are you going to get out of here or do I call the cops?
The cops, yeah.
You told us a story about the phone police
and a kid named Billy Baxter.
You know the story?
Yeah, I know it.
Except the way I heard it, they got a kid named O'Brien.
A Jake O'Brien.
Jake O'Brien?
Those guys look fast.
Jake, take it easy. It's me.
Chris, get me out of here, man. This place is nuts.
I didn't do anything wrong. You've got to help me.
Whoa. Calm down.
Get Annie. Get my parents.
I can't do that, Jake.
Why not? You've got to do something
or I'll be stuck in here forever.
Listen, this whole thing is weirder than you even know.
I'm scared, Chris.
Me too, but I've got a plan.
Maybe we can beat the phone police at the wrong game.
Hey, kid, I told you. Answer the phone.
I've got to tell you something.
After you got caught, what's your house?
This is Jake and your brother.
You've got to remember them now.
Where do you get these friends from, Jake?
Do you order them from the back of comics?
You remember them? You know who he is?
Yeah. In fact, I'd like to forget him if they're good.
Believe this.
Your room's back to normal.
What are you two yams talking about?
You two are losing it.
Annie, don't. It's the phone police.
Phone police?
Airhead. I made that up.
But it's true. They caught me.
Yeah, I wish.
House pizza.
One jumbo extra cheese.
I'll dress to hold the anchovies.
Did you guys order pizza?
It's two, three, eight, not three, two, eight.
I can't believe you guys bought that story with the phone police.
I'm talking about the gullible.
I'm going to lie down.
I'm exhausted.
It did happen though, didn't it?
We made another prank call.
Because they were never sure if the phone police were really real.
Or if they could believe anything else.
They ever saw again.
The end.
Excellent, Tucker.
Great story to that story.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
In just 166 hours and counting.
Oh, perhaps you're...